Backend languages (#14)
stytchauth/stytchjs-react-express: server/node/README.md

# Node backend server

> Set up an Express server that will serve the front end and make API calls to Stytch.

Reviewer: Can you please also add a link to the client instructions?
```suggestion
This directory contains an example Express server that authenticates your magic link via the Stytch API. It also serves the frontend React app
```
